We'll come back.
Let's now go over your solutions for the final field readiness exam.
Let's begin by running the Celt import string in random and then we will start off with our method in
our encryption class.
So the first thing I wanted to do was a random seed and you can do that by saying random seed.
And then we're passing in a seed parameter.
So we will go ahead and have that be user defined then we will say self dot seed is equal to the seed
premire the find.
So upon initial initialization or an instantiation of an instance of this encryption class we've gone
ahead and set the seed for a random library and then we also mark it down as our seed then we're going
to create an empty string attribute to hold the encrypted phrase.
So we will say self-taught encrypted phrase and have that be an empty string.
And then the next thing we're going to do is use the string and random libraries to create two attributes
one of them will be called the true alphabet.
Now we're just going to have that string dot s.c.i lowercase and we're actually going to have this be
a list that way we can play around with its indexing later on and we will say sulf thoughts ran the
alphabet.
And that's going to be equal to as the hints supplied a random sample.
And we're going to Passons self-taught true alphabet.
By length of self-taught true alphabet.
So let me zoom out here just a little bit so we can see the whole thing.
And those are our attributes so we have our seat attribute and MT-NW crypt that phrase or will fill
out later.
And then the true alphabet and the random alphabet the next thing to do is begin our encryption method.
So we'll start by having an output string that we intend to fill out later.
And step one is to replace every other letter with a random letter.
So we'll do the following.
We'll say four and we can zoom back in here for I in range the length of the message.
I remember the message is what's being supplied here.
Trying to pass your message through the encryption method.
So for i in range of length the message will say the output and will add in message.
And then we'll also say grab that same output and then concatenate ran them and we'll take in a random
sample from self true alphabet comma 1 0.
So let's see what's actually happening here.
We've define an empty string called output then for I in range length of the message.
Go ahead and grab the empty string output and then concatenate message at index I which is essentially
just going to be the letter at that message and then right after you put in the letter of the message
you're going to take a random sample from your true alphabet.
So you're going to grab one random letter and because this is a list that is returned you can go ahead
and grab the first item in that list of 1.
So that's where we have this indexing here because basically a random sample just to kind of show you
here or return something like this.
So a list of just one random letter.
So in order to sample off of this we use that indexing of zero to just grab that string so we can concatenate
it on.
Now there's different ways of doing this but this is the one that is essentially showing the logic more
precisely than some other methods.
Again there's many many ways to do this to reverse the string.
What we can do is start defining or encrypt that phrase so will say self encrypt that phrase is equal
to the output.
And then we can easily reverse it with indexing using this method.
The final step is to use the random shuffle alphabet for a Caesar cipher.
Let's go ahead and delete the past statement and begin to write that out.
I'm going to create a variable called encrypted Phase 2 and it's basically going to be a bit of a placeholder
that we can add on to.
So it's going to be a list and it's going to go range length of self-taught encrypted phrase.
So right now self-tanning encrypt that phrase is our current message where we added in random letters
for every other letter and then we reverse it.
And then what we have here is a list encrypted.
Phase two that is essentially just all the numbers of how long from zero all the way to the length of
the encrypted phrase.
So its range here and we created the list out of it range going from zero all the way to the length
of the self-signed Krup that phrase.
So now that I have this encrypted phase to list I can play around with it.
So we will say four letter tuple and packing here and enumerates self dots and we're going to grab our
encrypted phrase and we're going to make it all lowercase so he can do the following we'll say if the
letter is in self true alphabet.
And the reason I check if letter in self-taught true alphabet is that way in case I have punctuation
I can say something like Else encrypted face to at that point and I it's just equal to the letter.
So this is essentially only going to happen for punctuation punctuation and spaces.
So that's why I have this if statement so I'm going for every letter an index position in my encrypted
phrase lowercase.
And I'm going to check if that letter is actually in the alphabet.
Meaning I'm dealing with an alphabet letter.
I actually want to swap it for Caesar cypher which means we'll do the following.
We'll say index is equal to self-taught.
True alphabet.
And I'm going to find the index location of the letter and then we will say encrypted phrase to an exposition
I is now equal to self-taught and my randomized alphabet at that next position.
So this is the Caesar cipher in operation.
What we're doing again here is if we actually have an alphabetic letter find that index location in
the alphabet and then find the matching in the location in our shuffled alphabet and do the re-assignment
there then what we're going to do is after this entire for loop is done running.
I'm going to set self-taught encrypt that phrase equal to and I'm going to join the Phase 2 of it.
I will say join encrypted phase to remember.
This basically takes this list and joins it as a string.
And then when I can do after this is it's all done so I can return self-taught encrypted phrase.
So let's run this and see if our encryption looks like it's working it's going to be hard to tell at
first whether it's working or not because we would need to decrypt it to confirm that.
But let's run this and see what we have.
So I'm going to encrypt that with 20 and then we'll do the encryption of hello world.
And if I run that I get back the exact same result as expected.
And let's kind of edit this a bit.
So add in some random letters here.
Now we can see it's still working and it looks like a completely different result.
So it looks like a pretty good encryption method at least for the very basics.
And if we do hello world again we can see if we get this result.
All right.
Now it's time for the decryption and decryption is essentially the exact same thing.
It just reverses everything.
So let's do that.
We need a seed in order to set random.
So we're going to say random seed seed and then for this particular decryption session we're going to
have our randomized alphabet.
So we will say session Rande alphabets is equal to and say a random sample will grab from the true alphabet
and then say do this for the length of true alphabet.
We can zoom out here in case you want to see the whole line.
Then after this we are going to say that the decrypted message is equal to.
And we're going to do a list just like we did before list of length message and that's the message I'm
trying to decrypt.
So this is an encrypted messages coming in.
So keep that in mind.
And then what we're going to do here is once we have that encrypted message list we're going to undo
the randomized Caesar cipher.
So I will say for I letter in enumerates and this is essentially the same thing we did before lowercase
that message.
If the letter is in the actual alphabet then we'll do the exact opposite or say that the position is
equal to my session Rande alphabet
index that that letter.
And then I will say my decrypted a message that location I is equal to self-taught true alphabet at
that location and then if I'm dealing with punctuation or something else I'm going to say that my decrypted
a message of-I is just equal to the actual letter.
And then I'm just going to join this to bring it back into a string so I'll say decrypted message is
equal to
let's zoom in here so we can see a little better Zirkle to join of that list.
So we'll join our decrypted a message and now if I have my decrypted message I still need to do two
things.
So let's run this and see the two things I need to do.
So my encryption of hello world.
And if I pass in this code here with the seed 20 will return or decrypted a message just so we can actually
see what the result is.
Return the cryptic message.
Run this and I get back something that looks like this.
So right now I still need to reverse this string.
I can see here I have h e l l o.
So let's reverse that and I can simply reverse by using slicing.
So let's just do a call uncle a negative one off of this decrypted message and then run these again.
And I can see I've successfully reversed that.
And now what I want to do is grab every other letter.
So to do that I can simply just say starting from the beginning all the way into the end and step sizes
of two and I will grab every other letter and you can use a for loop to do a re-assignment as well but
slicing is a nice little trick to use here.
And then if we run that we get back.
Hello world.
So let's do a quick rundown of everything we just did because there is a lot going on here.
We started off by creating our attributes where we assigned a seed that way we can shuffle the same
way the shuffled alphabet.
We created an empty encrypted phrase string to hold and then we set a true alphabet which is just the
list version of the lower case letters.
And then we created a random alphabet using random sample as hinted right here in this comment.
And then what we wanted to do was our encryption method.
So we set up an output string that was empty.
Then the next thing we did was for I in interchange length of message.
So essentially for every letter or index position in the message we concatenated to that string that
actual letter at that point in the list.
And then we added in some random sample of the alphabet and since random sample returns back a list
we need it's index that letter out using zero here.
So we got something like this back.
So we wanted to use this indexing to actually grab the output.
Now remember if you're having trouble keeping track you can always do a python debugger set trace anywhere
in this code so you can play around the variables or you can just use print's that is.
And we have step two which was reverse a string that was pretty straightforward just to use slice notation
for that.
And then finally I wanted to use the random shuffled alphabet to create a Caesar cipher.
So we created this little holding variable called encrypted phase to where we could add a list range
length of the encrypted phrase.
So essentially just a list of a bunch of numbers from 0 up to the index position of the that phrase
at the very end.
And then we iterated through this list using enumerate.
So for every index and letter in the encrypted phrase that lowercase if we actually had an alphabetic
letter we did the switch here using the index position of the true alphabet and finding it in its random
alphabet.
The Caesar cipher and then Otherwise we had punctuation or other spaces and we just kept that the same
thing.
Then we joined it all back together so we could return back the encrypted phrase.
Then we have the decryption and it works the same way except everything's in reverse order.
We set our seed.
We make sure we have the same random alphabet that was used during the encryption process.
We created the cryptic message we reverse the Caesar cypher by grabbing the next addition of the random
alphabet then replacing it with the true alphabet again checking for punctuation or spaces and then
we join this up by reversing it.
And we also grab every other letter and that's it for the encryption and decryption.
That was definitely the toughest assignment you've had so far.
But if you were able to successfully accomplish this you're definitely ready for the field.
We'll see you soon.